Merc News story about Tesla using $5/hr labor seems to be missing a digit. Tesla actually paid $55/hr. https://t.co/2dTH0ncdKX
Falcon Heavy side boosters can use most of the same airframe as Falcon 9, but center core needs to be buffed up a lot for transfer loads.
Most recent rocket took max damage, due to v high entry velocity. Will be our life leader for ground tests to confirm others are good.
Three's company https://t.co/nRfFmTpzZw
Launch trajectory of Japanese commercial satellite JCSat-14, enroute to 36,000 km above Earth https://t.co/QHiiMdMMJ3
Yeah, this was a three engine landing burn, so triple deceleration of last flight. That's important to minimize gravity losses.
May need to increase size of rocket storage hangar
Rocket reentry is a lot faster and hotter than last time, so odds of making it are maybe even, but we should learn a lot either way
Tesla is increasing the production ramp as fast as possible, but I'd recommend ordering a Model 3 soon if you want 2018 delivery
Filtering particulates from air makes a significant &amp; measurable diff to health. Wd like to credit Larry Page with turning me on to this.
Dragon 2 is designed to be able to land anywhere in the solar system. Red Dragon Mars mission is the first test flight.
By land and sea https://t.co/C5QWfNy99r
Have recently come to appreciate the awesome, absurdist humor of Waiting for Godot. We so often wait, without knowing why, when or where.
Activate autopilot 4X in quick succession for psychedelic cowbell road. And, yes, we are adding more cowbell soon.
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation for all those who have supported Tesla, SpaceX &amp; SolarCity over the years. Thank you.
Screen cap from the stern cam of droneship "Of Course I Still Love You" https://t.co/4rGOJMTzVn
Over 325k cars or ~$14B in preorders in first week. Only 5% ordered max of two, suggesting low levels of speculation.
Most telling is that the SpaceX Propulsion CTO switched from driving a Porsche 911 Turbo S to a Model X
Signing off from impromptu Twitter AMA. Thanks for the suggestions. Btw, we really will have more cow bells.
And, of course, it will have more cowbells.
Model 3 will be RWD, with dual motor AWD optional. Even RWD will have great traction on ice due to fast torque response of Tesla drivetrain.
A Model 3 order gives you priority in your geography, so, even tho total count is high, ordering early will make a big difference locally.
In general, product comments, suggestions and criticisms are always welcome
276k Model 3 orders by end of Sat
Model 3 design sketches https://t.co/P5ucOBRUZ7
Token of appreciation for those who lined up coming via mail. Thought maybe 20-30 people per store would line up, not 800. Gifts on order.
Will give an update tonight for the 3 day total, then last one on Wed for the full week. All efforts focused on accelerating the ramp.
253k as of 7am this morning
Now 232k orders
Definitely going to need to rethink production planning...
Thought it would slow way down today, but Model 3 order count is now at 198k. Recommend ordering soon, as the wait time is growing rapidly.
Model 3 orders at 180,000 in 24 hours. Selling price w avg option mix prob $42k, so ~$7.5B in a day. Future of electric cars looking bright!
Thanks for tuning in to the Model 3 unveil Part 1! Part 2 is super next level, but that's for later
Adding several more countries to Model 3 order page tonight. Check for details, but will include India, Brazil, SA, SK, NZ, Sing &amp; Ireland.
Incredibly inspired by the interest in Model 3. You won't be disappointed. Also, small token of appreciation coming for those who lined up.
Tomorrow is Part 1 of the Model 3 unveil. Part 2, which takes things to another level, will be closer to production.
Model 3 order day starting in Australia https://t.co/T6aUnG5BCv
Looks like we may need to increase production plans for the Model 3 https://t.co/fmCPFC9FEm
The AEI meeting wasn't secret and I was only there for a few hours to talk about Mars and sustainable energy. Nothing to do with Trump.
Rocket landed hard on the droneship. Didn't expect this one to work (v hot reentry), but next flight has a good chance.
Target altitude of 40,600 km achieved. Thanks @SES_Satellites for riding on Falcon 9! Looking forward to future missions.
Pushing launch to Friday due to extreme high altitude wind shear. Hits like a sledgehammer when going up supersonic https://t.co/Gr8T5upaLd
Global economy of $100T is overwhelmingly fossil fuel based, so IMF estimate of $5T or 5% for carbon subsidy is def right order of magnitude
Worth watching "Nathan for You" on Comedy Central, particularly the "Dumb Starbucks" and "Mechanic/Realtor" episodes
My coffee tastes unusually good this morning https://t.co/LowwuPAgoz
Interesting to think of physics as a set of compression algorithms for the universe. That's basically what formulas are.
More details on Model 3 unveil in coming weeks. That's it for now.
Model 3 reservations ($1000 down) will be accepted in Tesla stores on March 31 and online April 1
Must be a slow news day if denying service to a super rude customer gets this much attention
My best guess for 2016: ~70% landing success rate (so still a few more RUDs to go), then hopefully improving to ~90% in 2017
Ship landings are not needed for flexibility or to save fuel costs. Just not physically possible to return to launch site
As mentioned before, ship landings are needed for high velocity missions. Altitude &amp; distance don't mean much for orbit. All about speed.
Well, at least the pieces were bigger this time! Won't be last RUD, but am optimistic about upcoming ship landing. https://t.co/w007TccANJ
However, that was not what prevented it being good. Touchdown speed was ok, but a leg lockout didn't latch, so it tipped over after landing.
Definitely harder to land on a ship. Similar to an aircraft carrier vs land: much smaller target area, that's also translating &amp; rotating.
Conducted hold-down firing of returned Falcon rocket. Data looks good overall, but engine 9 showed thrust fluctuations.
Sad to hear that David Bowie died. He was amazing.
In ~2 years, summon should work anywhere connected by land &amp; not blocked by borders, eg you're in LA and the car is in NY
First baby step in Tesla Summon capability now downloading over-the-air with V7.1
Live video from LZ-1 https://t.co/Ve6gEXfOdh
Falcon 9 standing on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral https://t.co/RZdfcH0exW
There and back again https://t.co/Ll7wg2hL1G
11 satellites deployed to target orbit and Falcon has landed back at Cape Canaveral. Headed to LZ-1. Welcome back, baby!
Just reviewed mission params w SpaceX team. Monte Carlo runs show tmrw night has a 10% higher chance of a good landing. Punting 24 hrs.
Currently looking good for a Sunday night (~8pm local) attempted orbital launch and rocket landing at Cape Canaveral
This article does not appreciate that Tesla is in California despite taxes net of rebates being higher. Incentives only a partial offset.
Static fire test looks good. Pending data review, will aim to launch Sunday.
Aborted on ignition timing due to slow ground side valve. Adjusting ignition sequence by 0.6 secs for next attempt.
About 2 mins from static fire
Abort triggered by flight computer on upper stage throttle valve. Adjusting thresholds and restarting count at T-10 mins.
5 mins from static fire test
Falcon 9 is vertical on the launch pad at Cape Canaveral. Working towards static fire. Deep cryo liquid oxygen presenting some challenges.
Aiming for Falcon rocket static fire at Cape Canaveral on the 16th and launch about three days later
Congrats to Jeff Bezos and the BO team for achieving VTOL on their booster
We are looking for hardcore software engineers. No prior experience with cars required. Please include code sample or link to your work.
Ramping up the Autopilot software team at Tesla to achieve generalized full autonomy. If interested, contact autopilot@teslamotors.com.
Compliment from Jeffrey is much appreciated, but the people of Tesla deserve all the credit
My comments in China weren't transcribed correctly. Tesla will keep making cars &amp; batteries in CA &amp; NV as far into future as I can imagine.
Autopilot 1.01 coming soon: curve speed adaption, controller smoothness, better lane holding on poor roads, improved fleet learning!
Regulatory approvals received, so Autopilot rolling out to all countries! (Excluding Japan, which is still under review)
What esthetic and functionality improvements would you like to see in the 7.1 UI overhaul? Or new features entirely?
Tesla gets top rating of any company in service. Most important, CR says 97% of owners expect their next car to be a Tesla (the acid test).
Consumer Reports reliability survey includes a lot of early production cars. Already addressed in new cars.
Autopilot release to Europe and Asia pending regulatory approval. Hopefully get the ok in the next few weeks.
Some exciting news this week: Tesla Version 7 software with Autopilot goes to wide release on Thursday!
Regarding the watch, Jony &amp; his team created a beautiful design, but the functionality isn't compelling yet. By version 3, it will be.
Yo, I don't hate Apple. It's a great company with a lot of talented people. I love their products and I'm glad they're doing an EV.
Model X Bioweapon Defense Mode definitely filters viruses btw, even the small ones. Has hospital operating room level filtering.
Btw, price of Model X is actually only $5k more than S. Lower cost versions coming later.
Dinner in an old Belgian ironmongery. Best menu art ever. http://t.co/3qUG1O6Q2v
Midnight dinner in Berlin http://t.co/PLXkR38d8e
Dragon 2 is designed to land on any surface (liquid or solid) in the solar system. Am glad to see people thinking about applications!
Btw, not saying we *should* nuke Mars -- just layin' out a few options 
Model 3, our smaller and lower cost sedan will start production in about 2 years. Fully operational Gigafactory needed.
With same options, Model X is $5k more than an S due to greater size &amp; body complexity. Sig Series is fully loaded, hence high price.
Final corner case is dealing with low contrast lane markings (faded white on grey concrete) while driving into the sun at dusk
Almost ready to release highway autosteer and parallel autopark software update
Model S product call at 11 today. Rocket discussion at noon on Monday.
Expect to reach preliminary conclusions regarding last flight by end of week. Will brief key customers &amp; FAA, then post on our website.
Cause still unknown after several thousand engineering-hours of review. Now parsing data with a hex editor to recover final milliseconds.
There was an overpressure event in the upper stage liquid oxygen tank. Data suggests counterintuitive cause.
Falcon 9 experienced a problem shortly before first stage shutdown. Will provide more info as soon as we review the data.
Important to note that Model S resale value is also higher than that of gasoline cars
To be clear, SpaceX is supporting a student design competition for STEM, not trying to build Hyperloop itself. Other cos are doing latter.
SpaceX/Tesla will also do a reference pod to be shown after the @Hyperloop competition. Bonus for all racing teams that exceed reference.
My kids love "The Lost Planet" by @RachelSearles. Now on a rare second read!
What are the best riddles you've heard that are short enough for Twitter?
Another good riddle: drill a hole thru a sphere such that the height of what remains of the sphere is 10cm. What is its remaining volume?
It is total BS &amp; hurtful to claim that I told a guy to miss his child's birth just to attend a company meeting. I would never do that.
Dragon abort test stats: 0 to 100 mph in 1.2 sec, top speed of 345 mph
Hold down firing of Dragon 2 spacecraft at Cape Canaveral http://t.co/2626wb8596
My favorite shot from the last rocket landing attempt on the droneship http://t.co/8a403c7Fv1
For the future to be good, we need electric transport, solar power and (of course) ... http://t.co/8mwVWukQDL
Rocket launch good, satellite in geo transfer orbit. Still so damn intense. Looking fwd to it feeling normal one day.
Worth watching @ExMachinaMovie. The AI would be in the network, not the robot, but otherwise good.
Cause of hard rocket landing confirmed as due to slower than expected throttle valve response. Next attempt in 2 months.
If this works, I'm treating myself to a volcano lair. It's time.
Ok, looks like we got some killer footage from the chase plane. Big ocean, small ship. Posting vid shortly http://t.co/2F5FK0TZ0i
Looks like Falcon landed fine, but excess lateral velocity caused it to tip over post landing http://t.co/eJWzN6KSJa
Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival.
3 mins to liftoff
Launch window always tight when orbital synch needed. In this case, Space Station. For Earth-Sun gravity null point, moon was in the way.
Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud
Odds of rocket landing successfully today are still less than 50%. The 80% figure by end of year is only bcs many launches ahead.
Have asked SolarCity if we can do something philanthropic with the CA aqueducts to help the water crisis. Investigating
We debated this, but there really is $10k gas saved by most owners over 5 yrs (avg ownership period). Since it's true, we are sticking w it.
Battery "breakthroughs" need to state power *and* energy density (not the same thing), plus how long they last. They usually fail on energy.
Welcome @Chiefboltkennyh to @TeslaMotors. He will apply Formula 1 techniques to revolutionize servicing mainstream cars.
With all that solar power being generated, it almost feels like something is needed to complete the picture ...
SolarCity just hit a new daily energy record of 5GWh two weeks after reaching 4GWh
Major new Tesla product line -- not a car -- will be unveiled at our Hawthorne Design Studio on Thurs 8pm, April 30
Right move is try both tunnels and flying cars. Otherwise, having 2D streets and 3D buildings means bad traffic forever.
Reasons I like tunnels: you still travel in 3D fast, but immune to weather, quiet and no risk cars fall on your head
Flying car pros: travel in 3D fast. Cons: risk of car falling on head much greater, noisy, grounded in bad weather
Contrary to press reports, I'm not against flying cars. Just said it was important to consider both pros and cons.
Falcon 9 lifting off with 1.3 mmmillion pounds of force http://t.co/7ltlN2WYmx
Reading Look to Windward by Banks. He is an amazing writer. Pantheon level.
Another Easter Egg will be hidden in the Model S code in 2015. Last one took a year to find. Next one should be easier.
To be clear, Tesla is strongly in favor of people being allowed to drive their cars and always will be. Hopefully, that is obvious.
Battery pack swap is active between SF and LA and seems to be working well. Supercharging is the future, though, for non-commercial traffic.
The rumor that I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet Mars is totally untrue
Btw, please don't mention the pyramids. Stacking stone blocks is not evidence of an advanced civilization.
Seems like an opportune moment to bring up the Fermi Paradox, aka "where are the aliens?" Really odd that we see no sign of them.
There is no slowdown of the Gigafactory construction underway, as anyone near Reno with eyes can verify. It's not subtle.
Upgrades in the works to allow landing for geo missions: thrust +15%, deep cryo oxygen, upper stage tank vol +10%
Both satellites deployed on target. Now firing their ion thrusters to reach geo station over Europe &amp; Asia.
Next landing attempt will be 3rd launch from now. Tonight's flight and following one will not have enough propellant.
Landing on a stormy sea http://t.co/7EY25g3IU5
Rocket soft landed in the ocean within 10m of target &amp; nicely vertical! High probability of good droneship landing in non-stormy weather.
Primary mission on target. Spacecraft head towards the sun! All good there.
Planning a significant upgrade of the droneship for future missions to handle literally anything. Maybe give it a Merlin for good measure :)
Can't delay any longer. Must proceed with primary mission to launch the Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft.
Mega storm preventing droneship from remaining on station, so rocket will try to land on water. Survival probability &lt;1%.
Coming home http://t.co/FmrmYs6R6V
Dragon splashdown off the California coast http://t.co/4Bvfmei8I3
Launch postponed to tomorrow due to high winds at the Cape, but Dragon still inbound from orbit in 90 mins
Extreme wind shear over Cape Canaveral. Feels like a sledgehammer when supersonic in the vertical. Hoping it changes 
Prob good though. Will give us time to replace 1st stage video transmitter (not needed for launch, but nice to have).
Air Force tracking radar went down. Launch postponed to same time tomorrow.
Rocket reentry will be much tougher this time around due to deep space mission. Almost 2X force and 4X heat. Plenty of hydraulic fluid tho.
Launching our 1st deep space mission today. Headed to Earth-Sun L1 gravity null point at 1M miles, 4X further than moon.
Painting the name on the droneship ... http://t.co/X8R8O4KjPx
Tesla dual motor cars are also all-wheel drive. Main goal of dual motor was actually insane traction on snow. Insane speed was a side effect
Tesla P85D 0 to 60mph acceleration will improve by ~0.1 sec soon via over-the-air software update to inverter algorithm
If u saw @TheSimpsons and wonder why @SpaceX doesn't use an electric rocket to reach orbit, it is cuz that is impossible
West Coast droneship under construction will be named "Of Course I Still Love You"
Repairs almost done on the spaceport drone ship and have given it the name "Just Read the Instructions"
Next rocket landing on drone ship in 2 to 3 weeks w way more hydraulic fluid. At least it shd explode for a diff reason.
Will be building a Hyperloop test track for companies and student teams to test out their pods. Most likely in Texas.
Yesterday's mission to the Space Station lights up the cloudy night sky of Cape Canaveral http://t.co/DFB742HaQt
Am super proud of my crew for making huge strides towards reusability on this mission. You guys rock!
Upcoming flight already has 50% more hydraulic fluid, so should have plenty of margin for landing attempt next month.
Grid fins worked extremely well from hypersonic velocity to subsonic, but ran out of hydraulic fluid right before landing.
Didn't get good landing/impact video. Pitch dark and foggy. Will piece it together from telemetry and ... actual pieces.
Ship itself is fine. Some of the support equipment on the deck will need to be replaced...
Rocket made it to drone spaceport ship, but landed hard. Close, but no cigar this time. Bodes well for the future tho.
Ascent phase good. Dragon deployed to Space Station rendezvous orbit.
Launching in one minute
At mission control in California. Launch in 60 mins. Looks good so far.
Need to investigate the upper stage Z actuator. Was behaving strangely. Next launch attempt on Friday at 5am.
Drone spaceport ship heads to its hold position in the Atlantic to prepare for a rocket landing http://t.co/kXYHGVKTfE
Btw, we are actually working on a charger that automatically moves out from the wall &amp; connects like a solid metal snake. For realz.
Reading The Culture series by Banks. Compelling picture of a grand, semi-utopian galactic future. Hopefully not too optimistic about AI.
Roadster upgrade will enable non-stop travel from LA to SF -- almost 400 mile range. Details tmrw. Merry Christmas!
Nothing against all the oatmeal-raisin cookies out there. Just be yourself.
Really should be a rule that oatmeal-raisin cookies can't look too much like choc chip. Doppelgnger cookie trickery!
Pack swap now operating in limited beta mode for SF to LA route. Can swap battery faster than visiting a gas station. Tesla blog out soon.
Falcon/Dragon launch punted to early Jan. Need time to review all systems thoroughly again.
Dune series by Herbert also brilliant. He advocates placing limits on machine intelligence.
Reread Asimov's Foundation series. Brilliant.
Welcome back @RicardoR to run the @TeslaMotors communications team!
Testing operation of hypersonic grid fins (x-wing config) going on next flight http://t.co/O1tMSIXxsT
Really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show car and then you can never actually buy it. So lame.
Rumors about canceling Falcon wing doors are false. At Tesla, the production car will always be better than the show car.
Tesla comic book http://t.co/enyjX9bcGE
SpaceX is still in the early stages of developing advanced micro-satellites operating in large formations. Announcement in 2 to 3 months.
Deepest sympathies to the families of the pilots and the Virgin Galactic team
Sorry to hear about the @OrbitalSciences launch. Hope they recover soon.
Article in @WSJ re Tesla sales is incorrect. September was a record high WW and up 65% year-over-year in North America.
Was going to work out this morning. Went to IHOP instead.
Kinda trippy seeing myself on @SouthPark. I've watched the show ever since the J vs SC short. Brian Boitano!
Just got word that the cumulative miles of the  worldwide Tesla fleet passed half a billion!
I love the Internet. Comments had me literally ROFL. No, it wasn't intentional. Glad I didn't mention the other letter!
About time to unveil the D and something else http://t.co/qp23yi59i6
Calendar app w tap to nav &amp; traffic predictor in Tesla V6.0 release will radically improve how the car adapts to the owner over time
Would also like to congratulate @Boeing, fellow winner of the @NASA commercial crew program
Deeply honored and appreciative of the trust that @NASA has placed in @SpaceX for the future of human spaceflight
Official Gigafactory address to be: Electric Avenue, McCarran, Nevada
Meeting with @JAXA_en in a building called  http://t.co/RBS2shPdNY
Just did crazy Japanese game show called . I have no idea what happened, but it was awesome http://t.co/oRQlbCH3de
Handing over the first Tesla Model S cars in Japan http://t.co/58fzUJBjVs
Long exposure of AsiaSat 6 transiting to geo orbit over China http://t.co/mPr2Td9kkx
Noodles in Shinjuku http://t.co/MWztTqByuA
Launch in ~1.5 hours if weather clears. Lightning tower struck earlier, but no effect on rocket or satellite http://t.co/AWdx9LsFZt
Model S limits torque if brake &amp; accel simul pressed. Going to zero torque with brake press would be a safety hazard.
Ad taken out in Palo Alto Daily by two Model S owners is right. Many of the suggestions will be implemented soon. http://t.co/cF43PvJDgQ
Three engine F9R Dev1 vehicle auto-terminated during test flight. No injuries or near injuries. Rockets are tricky 
Long exposure of the Falcon 9 predawn launch from Cape Canaveral http://t.co/jQHxIEhuJb
High velocity reentry (2700 lbs/sqft) appeared to succeed, but, as expected, not enough propellant to land for this and the next mission.
Falcon 9 flight 11 to geosynchronous transfer orbit completed on target this morning http://t.co/UoJMNOHTUR
Hope we're not just the biological boot loader for digital superintelligence. Unfortunately, that is increasingly probable
While on the subject of AI risk, Our Final Invention by @jrbarrat is also worth reading
Worth reading Superintelligence by Bostrom. We need to be super careful with AI. Potentially more dangerous than nukes.
Guardians of the Galaxy is great. Best line is when Star-Lord says his spaceship looks like a Jackson Pollock painting under black light.
On annual camping trip w kids. Trying a place just south of Carmel in California this year.
Detailed review of rocket telemetry needed to tell if due to initial splashdown or subsequent tip over and body slam
Rocket booster reentry, landing burn &amp; leg deploy were good, but lost hull integrity right after splashdown (aka kaboom)
Flight 10 of Falcon 9 was good. All six ORBCOMM satellites deployed on target.
Goal is for unsubsidized solar power to cost less than grid electricity from coal or fracked gas
Apparently, lots of confused media inquiries about blog title. Look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the bomb.
Prince Albert &amp; Princess Charlene drove a Tesla around the track to open @F1 Monaco! The honor is much appreciated :) http://t.co/gjQmbm541s
Reason I believe this is likely is that Correll first tried to work at SpaceX, but we turned him down. Our competitor, it seems, did not.
V likely AF official Correll was told by ULA/Rocketdyne that a rich VP job was his if he gave them a sole source contract
Worth seeing @ChefTheFilm by @Jon_Favreau. Make sure to plan for a meal afterwards!
Sounds like this might be a good time to unveil the new Dragon Mk 2 spaceship that @SpaceX has been working on w @NASA. No trampoline needed
Data upload from tracking plane shows landing in Atlantic was good! Several boats enroute through heavy seas.
Last known state for rocket boost stage is 360 m/s, Mach 1.1, 8.5 km altitude and roll rate close to zero (v important!)
Orbit insertion and Dragon deploy all good. Falcon reentry burn also good. Waiting for landing data from tracking plane.
Falcon 9-Reusable with (now retired) Grasshopper test rig in background http://t.co/TmYrs5mm79
This is 1st ever orbital rocket launch w landing legs. Will attempt leg deploy &amp; soft landing out to sea.
Leasing a Model S takes 5 mins online, no signatures &amp; one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered
Bloomberg article today also has oddly false details. I don't eat breakfast at Tesla and drink coffee, not juice.
The @MikeJudge show about Silicon Valley missed the mark in some ways, but I didn't hate it, as @Recode reporter claimed
Some oddly inaccurate news stories of late ...
Snowed in at Mt. Rushmore @GoParks http://t.co/X6G7CeArPB
Now having breakfast at ... http://t.co/8tGI3L0iGg
Just stayed at the Rocket (yes!) Motel near Mt Rushmore. Sudden blizzard making road trip tricky http://t.co/TRIPC7dKwK
Working on a Model S environmental impact blog this weekend to counteract BS like the @Bloomberg graphite story. Beyond ridiculous...
About to testify before Senate against ULA (Lockheed and Boeing) monopoly contract for national security launches
All four landing legs now mounted on Falcon 9 http://t.co/5ZNG1NflsG
However, F9 will continue to land in the ocean until we prove precision control from hypersonic thru subsonic regimes
Mounting landing legs (~60 ft span) to Falcon 9 for next month's Space Station servicing flight http://t.co/zyfazr2BB2
Tesla V6 software upload coming soon. Need to make sure it is "awesome" - Lord Business
Saw The Lego Movie earlier today. Brilliant writing and humor! Loved the "Everything is awesome..." theme song.
Tesla LA to NY Supercharger rally just completed in 76 hours across northern route in dead of winter thru heavy snow!
Tesla cars are now in all 50 US states (map credit Edmunds)! http://t.co/ehq2Muu5cr
Two teams from Tesla aiming to set a cross-country EV speed record this week. Departing Fri from LA, arriving Sun in NY.
Will be doing the LA-NY family road trip over Spring Break. Made everyone watch National Lampoon's Vacation as prep.
Tesla Supercharger network now energized from New York to LA, both coast + Texas! Approx 80% of US population covered.
Preparing to launch a Thaicom satellite to geostationary super-sync orbit at 5pm Florida time http://t.co/cEq8TEXeo6
220 ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical http://t.co/hgXnpEh8yU
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. A man both good and great.
Should mention that the battery cells used for this are 200 Wh/kg vs 250 for Model S. No short term supply constraint.
View of Earth from upper stage rear view camera at 8,000 miles http://t.co/V4tdMUA48X
Restart was good, apogee raised to 80k km (50k miles). Yes!!!
Reached parking orbit. Now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee
About an hour away from launch. I'd like to thank @SES_Satellites for taking a chance on @SpaceX. We've given it our all.
All known rocket anomalies resolved. Will spend another day rechecking to be sure. Launch attempt tmrw eve w Wed as backup.
The gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces 7000 horsepower &amp; weighs 160 lbs
Engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. Replaced gas generator on engine 9 (center) as a precautionary measure.
Abort was caused by oxygen in ground side TEA-TEB. Upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk.
Rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. Aiming for Mon eve launch.
We called manual abort. Better to be paranoid and wrong. Bringing rocket down to borescope engines ...
If launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt
Increasing helium spin start pressure. Probably &lt;50% chance of passing all aborts, but worth a try. Countdown resuming ...
Launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. Seems ok on closer inspection. Cycling countdown.
15 mins to liftoff http://t.co/3jDrHRSPQZ
Saw pressure fluctuations on Falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. Want to be super careful, so pushing launch to Thurs.
At Disney World w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding Space Mountain)
Will be toughest mission to date. Requires coast + upper stage restart + going to 80,000 km altitude (~1/4 way to moon).
Headed to Cape Canaveral tomorrow for first @SpaceX geostationary satellite launch.
Tesla is also extending the Model S warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
What makes this incredibly unjust is that the Model S to date has the best safety record of any car on the road (no injuries or deaths ever)
Why does a Tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than 100,000 gas car fires that kill 100s of people per year?
SuperDraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed Inconel chamber. Used for Dragon escape &amp; landing http://t.co/HjWEayLlBN
In other news, George Clooney reports that his iPhone 1 had a bug back in '07
Thanks Woz! "@stevewoz: Here to pick up my new car! (at @TeslaMotors w/ 2 others)"
Giant dog topiary in Bilbao http://t.co/kHdAMvOEMN
Between this flight &amp; Grasshopper tests, I think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home.
Rocket booster relit twice (supersonic retro &amp; landing), but spun up due to aero torque, so fuel centrifuged &amp; we flamed out
Launch was good. All satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors. http://t.co/SUYMH7W9pH
Looks good for a launch attempt today. Upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving.
Falcon 9 launch window is Sunday and Monday, assuming good weather at Vandenberg Air Force Base
Falcon 9 at sunset http://t.co/CeXSwqjVHP
Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable 200 mile range electric car. Right target. Hope others do same.
Approach is 360 deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). Lot of software &amp; hardware level image processing.
Engineers interested in working on autonomous driving, pls email autopilot@teslamotors.com. Team will report directly to me.
Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for Model S
Will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good &amp; AF needs to test ICBMs, so probable launch Sept 29/30.
First of next gen Falcon 9 rockets rolls out to the launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base http://t.co/hNl6zKodvr
It is crazy that the proposed California high speed rail only goes 200 mph w avg speed of 130 mph when Japan is 300 mph+
SpaceX SuperDraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from EOS 3D metal printer http://t.co/Tj284OuAk1
Was at Vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen F9 rocket launch. Some tense days ahead http://t.co/bfXnFt7alm
Will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures &amp; then immediately printing it in titanium
We figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). Now need a high frame rate holograph generator.
Pulled all nighter working on Hyperloop (as did others). Hopefully not too many mistakes. Will publish link at 1:30 PDT.
One of the first Tesla Supercharger stations in Europe is being built in Cinderella, Norway #KatieWoodencloak
Will publish Hyperloop alpha design by Aug 12. Critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
Just completed full mission duration firing of next gen Falcon 9 booster. V proud of the boost stage team for overcoming many tough issues.
TCP packet walks into a bar &amp; says Id like a beer. Barman replies Youd like a beer? Yes, replies TCP packet,Id like a beer.
Woohoo, Tesla direct sales petition passed the 100k threshold! Thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
Have been reading about Henry Fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of Captain Hercules Vinegar
Tomorrow night: fastest gas pump in LA vs Tesla battery pack swap http://t.co/QgZzggjIkq
Battery pack swap works with all Tesla Model S cars, past and present. It was always there.
Live pack swap demo on Thurs night at 8pm California time at our design studio in Hawthorne. Seeing is believing.
Easier said than done. There is a lot of pressure from investors. It is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr.
No near term plans to IPO @SpaceX. Only possible in very long term when Mars Colonial Transporter is flying regularly.
Forgot to say one thing at Tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out.
Love this image of Dragon docked to the Space Station as it orbits through dark side of Earth http://t.co/kygcsEQNhk
1st firing of Falcon 9-R advanced prototype rocket. Over 1M lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper http://t.co/AUCsWTw77E
Am thinking of doing a movie "sequel" of sorts to Thank You for Smoking. That was bad CO2 for indiv, this for the planet
Yeah, climate change should really be considered a centrist issue, as it affects everyone.
Am not suggesting shutting down CO2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost &amp; shift to sustainable energy
What most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. That is not the point.
Sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but I really thought world wd take action sooner. No time for subtlety
Climate change deniers claim "scientists disagree", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades
Was beat up pretty badly as a kid &amp; left me w jagged septum. Harder to breathe as I got older, so time to fix.
Had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. Probably shouldn't be tweeting :)
Sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside
Would love to do a pickup truck. Something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension &amp; mega torque.
Technically, I "got rich" from Zip2 &amp; PayPal w zero govt anything, then put 100% of that into SpaceX, Tesla &amp; SolarCity.
If consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. We should prob not have tax on basic foods &amp; critical meds.
Net of gas savings, a Tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. Maybe less costly then it first seems.
Yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. Market will then achieve best solution.
Trees are net consumers of CO2, so technically we would pay them money :)
Exactly. Seems crazy to risk the CO2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway.
Big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). Much better to emphasize the latter.
Me &amp; other private money funded Tesla for first 7 years, got IPO+ govt money for 3, now paid back. Yes, carbon tax would be a better way.
Weight of scientific evidence. Taxes don't ban a purchase, they just increase cost. Am against bans, except in extreme cases.
Exactly. Better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. Let market decide.
Perhaps. I am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good &amp; disincent bad.
Petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. Now we have a pet chicken.
Supercharger announcement pushed to next week. Something else this week.
Btw, vast majority of credit for SolarCity should go to Lyndon &amp; Peter Rive &amp; their awesome team. I'm just a small part.
Improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. Not sales constrained.
Hold down voice button &amp; say "Play Amish Paradise by Weird Al Yankovic". Model S can play almost any song via Internet.
There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
Just want to say thanks to customers &amp; investors that took a chance on Tesla through the long, dark night. We wouldn't be here without you.
Am a fan of Larry, Sergey &amp; Google in general, but self-driving cars comments to Bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. No big announcement here
Tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is Model S, Model X, then mass market third gen vehicle &amp; truck
Creating an autopilot for cars at Tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. Still a few years from production.
Anyone interested in doing ultra hardcore vehicle engineering at Tesla, please apply!
Am getting lots of questions about the big Supercharger announcement. Aiming to do that the week after next.
F9R (pronounced F-niner) shows a little leg. Design is a nested, telescoping piston w A frame. http://t.co/H49TSS2CYl
Time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). Tesla announcement tomorrow.
Congrats to @VirginGalactic and @RichardBranson on supersonic test flight!
First test of the Falcon 9-R (reusable) ignition system. Not long now before the hold down fire http://t.co/5r5nJWaNrI
Announcement of new @TeslaMotors strategy tomorrow. Tesla owners will like this.
Seems to be some stormy weather over in Shortville these days
Not all good news. Virginia DMV Commissioner just denied Tesla a dealer license, despite Hearing Officer being in favor.
Cool picture of Io crossing Jupiter sent to me by @shervin. Would be amazing to visit in person one day.
Heart goes out to people of central Texas, home of SpaceX TX. All resources at disposal to help in any way.
New York judge states: "... dealers cannot utilize the Franchised Dealer Act as a means to sue their competitors". Exactly!
New York judge just ruled in favor Tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales!
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in Austin. Will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
Just had Texas BBQ for lunch in Capitol Building. About to head to House Committee hearing to advocate for Tesla in TX.
Which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding
No more political comments for me now that I've shot off both my feet.
At the risk of losing more "cool points", I like Reagan too! However, I also like Obama, Clinton &amp; JFK. Good people on both sides...
New Tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. We spent a lot of time on this color! http://t.co/e7twjazWPx
Am headed to TX next week to thank people personally for supporting Tesla. Please head to SB 1659 @ 8am tomorrow #TeslaTX
Certainly true that many people believe that Tesla and SpaceX are powered by the #hhgttg Infinite Improbability Drive :)
Today's Tesla announcement is actually the 2nd in a 5 part trilogy (love Douglas Adams)
To be clear, Tesla is in California, so it is not April Fool's yet! Also, some may differ, but imo the Tues news is arguably more important.
About to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. Candy bonanza! Happy Easter!
Rocket fairing almost ready for deployment test in vacuum chamber. Man lift on right for scale http://t.co/BLOTThWFvw
A123 battery company renames itself B456 after bankruptcy (really).
Recovery ship has secured Dragon. Powering down all secondary systems. Cargo looks A ok.
Telemetry says main parachutes deployed ... now visually confirmed
Recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from Dragon reentry and has data transmission lock.
Dragon deorbit burn was good. All thrusters operating. On target for splashdown.
Slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be Tues next week.
Really exciting @TeslaMotors announcement coming on Thursday. Am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way.
But when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
Testing separation of F9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber http://t.co/2zkLi4ON0s
Using ber to order a Tesla Model S @SXSW with @shervin and @travisk http://t.co/69H47lMjBw
Will show Johnny Cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about 15 mins. Test footage only 36 hrs old. #SXSW
Check out Model S at Tesla Austin Gallery at The Domain opening today! I will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning.
Random trivia: my grandfather &amp; great grandfather were both born in Minnesota. I was named after my GGF.
Minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block Tesla stores. Bill was just defeated in Senate. Thanks MN!
Arrived Austin. Talking with TX House about creating an orbital launch complex near Brownsville, then #SXSW keynote tmrw
Saw a play about Stalin in Norwegian. Like watching mimes with emoticons doing Solzhenitsyn. http://t.co/YsWV6IF3QL
Am in Oslo to thank the Norwegian customers of @TeslaMotors personally. Highest Model S orders per capita in the world.
Just received #Dragon docking clearance from @NASA. Will begin orbital maneuvers to Space Station at 11pm Pacific time.
Would also like to thank @USAirForce for allowing us to use their long range comm system for Dragon in free drift.
Just want to say thanks to @NASA for being the world's coolest customer. Looking forward to delivering the goods!
Orbit raising burn successful. Dragon back on track.
Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green.
Pods 1 and 4 now online and thrusters engaged. Dragon transitioned from free drift to active control. Yes!!
Attempting bring up of thruster pods 2 and 4
Solar array deployment successful
Thruster pod 3 tank pressure trending positive. Preparing to deploy solar arrays.
About to pass over Australia ground station and command inhibit override
Holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active
Issue with Dragon thruster pods. System inhibiting three of four from initializing. About to command inhibit override.
Falcon 9 delivered Dragon to its target orbit. All good on the rocket.
T minus 22 mins to launch mission 3 to dock with the Space Station http://t.co/TfGUbZSaL3
Computer glitch found by @SpaceX avionics while bench testing on IM. Couldn't replicate on vehicle. Launch proceeding...
Launch on track for tomorrow morning at 10:10 am Cape Canaveral time
Rocket static fire @SpaceX Cape Canaveral launch pad looks good. Engines generated 433 tons of thrust, parameters nominal.
Thanks @CNBC! @Lebeaucarnews: The Model S delivered what @elonmusk promised. A ride to make you re-think going electric.
Appreciate thoughtful @Sulliview article. Faith in @nytimes restored.
Genius move @cdabel114: @CNN Well, to be fair, they did use the controversial gimmick of actually charging up the car
CNN about halfway through East Coast Supercharger test drive of @TeslaMotors Model S w @PeterDrives &amp; @AbigailBassett
Btw, more free East Coast Superchargers coming soon. Will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip &amp; long detours, like NYTimes drive.
Tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after Top Gear BS, we always keep it on for media.
Tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on Broder's NYTimes "range test". Also lining up other journalists to do same drive.
NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max &amp; took a long detour.
Next Grasshopper rocket test is called the Johnny Cash Hover Slam (yeah baby!). Might be our first smoking crater...
Great spirit here in the Superdome. Awesome rally by the @49ers!! #SB47
I love indoor flamethrowers http://t.co/aAnFftoD
Desire to help Boeing is real &amp; am corresponding w 787 chief engineer. Junod's Esquire article had high fiction content.
Maybe already under control, but Tesla &amp; SpaceX are happy to help with the 787 lithium ion batteries.
To be super clear, I don't wish to (nor could I) mandate anything about a Mars Colony. Am just working on the tech to get people there.
CA's Death Valley is #1 again! Tesla hot weather testing was done there. Model S was fine but gas tow truck overheated.
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo http://t.co/YZdNpwX3
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a 6 ft cowboy to the rocket http://t.co/3NMYJqmd
Thanks! @ev: Have driven a Tesla Model S 50 miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of carsby far the best car ever made."
Exactly MT "@DanRetz IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea.
SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public "@bm_ will SpaceX go public?"
Tesla was just approved for a full Class 1 Massachusetts Auto Sales License by a vote of 4 to 1. Much appreciated!
Told my kids (age 8 and 6) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Congrats to @dmetcalf for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over 400 miles on a single charge!
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now http://t.co/gRARJ3xy
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
And, yes, I do in fact know that this sounds crazy. That is not lost on me. Nor I do think SpaceX will do this alone.
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert. http://t.co/02GDasae
Was misquoted by BBC as saying "Europe's rocket has no chance". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane 5 has no chance, so go with Ariane 6.
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size. http://t.co/r9yuTRGL
V proud of Tesla team for completing 1000th Model S body. More cars made this month than entire rest of year http://t.co/k8XWaEth
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely @TalulahRiley http://t.co/ne5wGvZs
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all 5 kids &amp; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas http://t.co/omTht7OP
Falcon 9 rocket booster has delivered Dragon to its target orbit!
Launching our Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at 8:35pm EST! http://t.co/qXK0zJyC
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin 1D-Vac, at 80 tons of thrust. http://t.co/HGK1joVQ
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey @XCTeslatrip!
Tesla made 100 vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N 396: http://t.co/fZzbUIjn
Tesla Supercharger unveiling event set for Sept 24. It will feel like alien spaceships landed at highway rest stops.
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at 3.9 sec 0-60 mph and tied for 1st worldwide in stopping distance
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good! http://t.co/damib6tk
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
Deeply appreciate @NASA's faith in @SpaceX. We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
1st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by @SolarCity! Predict 1st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; 15 years.
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power &amp; the future looks bright.
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show! http://t.co/s9XZdaBL
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket. http://t.co/N93Vg4yy
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic &amp; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
30 years ago, when 98% of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still "scientists disagree"
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy &amp; necessary revolution, moderated by @FareedZakaria.
Heard an interesting comment at the debate: "If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor :)
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
"Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state &amp; the days fly by. The 2 exceptions are childhood and when we are in love." - RG
Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually "Mr." Evil. http://t.co/e2cpsgEM
Going at full speed! MT @iansomerhalder: Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid :) Here is what we saw: http://t.co/ux6fV6z7
Am standing on the beach in Maui and looking at a moon rainbow for the first time in my life. Incredibly beautiful.
After 2008 meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX &amp; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: @brynmooser @daviddarg, prod @oliviawilde &amp; me) at WME July 12. @rainnwilson hosting
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from @TeslaMotors!
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon http://t.co/ef86qbWF
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read 50 Shades :) http://t.co/Z6EvSZw6
"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP.
While in Austin, had a great time doing a cameo in @rodriguez latest movie, Machete Kills. Cool studio on old airport.
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield http://t.co/grGShZUi
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes #Dragon
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision #Dragon
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins #Dragon
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector  #Dragon http://t.co/CetZfiNg
Dragon flies over the SpaceX #GrasshopperProject at our central Texas test site. It will jump soon. http://t.co/P17Z56II
The head of the Russian Space Agency and some Russian diplomats are visiting @SpaceX today. Looking forward to meeting.
About 110 miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station #Dragon
The President just called to say congrats. Caller ID was blocked, so at first I thought it was a telemarketer :)
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for 12:47 am California time. All systems green. #dragonlaunch
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes! #DragonLaunch
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000 :) #DragonLaunch
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Huge appreciation for @NASA, without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back :)
T minus 60 seconds. Terminal autosequence initiated. #DragonLaunch
T minus 10 minutes ... Entering terminal count #dragonlaunch
Major Tesla milestone: All crash testing is complete for 5* (max) safety rating. Cars can now be built for sale to public!
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop &amp; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine 5. Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without @NASA, but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
Meant to say: prizes for first 10 who do 400 miles in Tesla w/o recharging, not nonstop, which would require diapers :)
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with @NASA. Looks good so far. Target launch date is May 19, right after Soyuz docks.
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
T minus five minutes to flame
Flight computer aborted rocket hold down firing. Anomaly addressed. Cycling systems to countdown http://t.co/iUi4XdQ3
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Just confirmed with @NASA that May 7th is go for launch of Falcon 9 &amp; Dragon to the Space Station
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with @NASA.
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of @Cholera. Great work by @brynmooser and @daviddarg!
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent. http://t.co/onxtR4YB
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
When holding my new white cat, I feel a strange desire for Bob's Big Boy and sharks with lasers http://t.co/M0iuFPqv
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of @TheDailyShow for a billion years.
Friend told me about the amazing work of Brazilian plastic surgeon Evil Picante. He was actually saying Ivo Pitanguy.
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed 200,000 km while racing his Roadster! http://t.co/ZYV4h85O
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
The Model S beta endurance car just passed 150,000 miles on a single battery pack!
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary http://t.co/e1ZM8a2b
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there? http://t.co/1MomQnNe
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla http://t.co/KIhxc0TF
Falcon 9 and Dragon now vertical on the launch pad, surrounded by 300 ft tall lightning towers http://t.co/iERgA2RP
Dragon spaceship and Falcon 9 rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral http://t.co/4GrSr3VU
Supporting the drive to get a #PlutoStamp for the @NASA New Horizons mission
At the Samovar having tea called "monkey picked iron goddess of mercy". Those monkeys sure know their tea. http://t.co/ctEWczlC
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Tesla Model X is 3rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel! http://t.co/jP9H5XrB
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight... http://t.co/KASHBP5p
Cool new @NASA pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up! http://t.co/eJKSQqvO
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle http://t.co/nJMPtYPd
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this: http://t.co/A2gd9ziC
The most interesting view of the Model X is really with the doors open http://t.co/On77BuiU
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com http://t.co/IJaYVEE9
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite http://t.co/uOgyp4vg
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Strongest solar radiation storm in 7 years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow: http://t.co/VF3gTu3L
Bought some wood and built a little treehouse with my boys. Few more beautiful ways to spend an afternoon.
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase "break a leg" doesn't mean what he thinks it does
A Tesla Roadster just passed the 100,000 mile mark for the first time and still has over 200 miles of range.
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. 4.4 sec 0-60 mph will not be a problem.
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt :) http://t.co/Raq5UaR6
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
Feb is huge month. Model X world premier and public reveal of our LA design studio on the 9th. Stay tuned for more details.
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
What everyone really thinks ... RT @jonlovett: If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year... http://t.co/TlkAdzsk
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
My first prediction of 2012 has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
World violence being super low is probably counter-intuitive to most people. That's because modern media is a misery microscope.
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night #whatcouldpossiblygowrong
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing "Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ...
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment :)
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others http://t.co/KYHjsS1k
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much. http://t.co/r8qfluIG
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
I
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today. http://t.co/6z7gHBn6
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me.  I will deliver my car in June/July. http://t.co/acnyP4nh
Hi, I'm Art Garfunkel. Have you heard the sound of silence? Because, you know, it makes a sound... http://t.co/7vgya9xL
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom @mayemusk will attest.
Not sure I can handle just doing 140 char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
Read "Lying", the new book by my friend Sam Harris.  Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
Went to Iceland on Sat to ride bumper cars on ice!  No, not the country, Vlad's rink in Van Nuys. Awesome family fun :) http://t.co/rBQXJ9IT
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me :)  This is actually me.
